Aiming to reduce as much entropy as possible through my model, I needed to
test out various features and how they impacted my baseline performance of
4011 / 4500  0.8913333333333333 on development data. Generally, as I attempted
new features, those that improved my development data results I kept and those
that did not I commented out, testing them again later on before feeling 
entirely satisifed to remove them from consideration.

When designing my model, I decided to include the major features first:
the lengths of the three words to the left and the right, whether or not
the words immediately to the left or to the right were upper/lower case etc. The
logic for the upper case, for example, is that in the vast majority of EOS
cases, the following word will be upper case, as logically it starts a sentence
(things like <p> and <``> complicate this definition in much fewer cases). This
feature alone brought large improvements to results–slightly more than 0.01.

The other crucial feature of the algorithm came when realizing the power
of the classes provided. I ultimately made use of all the classes. An example
of this is checking if the word to the right is an unlikely_proper_noun.
Including this feature lead to significant improvement, which is logical,
since those proper_nouns typically start new sentences (namely when capitalized).
Another major benefit to results from the classes came by checking if the word to
the left was a title: if so, almost always was it not EOS, since the period marker
simply was a compliment to the title (e.g., Mr.). 

I intend to test out some additional features that intuitively would lead to
some improved results. For one, I would like to find a large data base of 
proper/personal names. In doing so, I could check for more specific cases.
For example, if the first word to the right is a capital initial, in some
instances, this could mean it is a middle initial. Thus, with this corpus
of personal names, I could see if the second name to the left and if the
first name to the right were personal names, and if so, conclude that the
one letter to the left is actually a middle name and most likely not EOS.

There are additional instances of one letter that could warrant further 
testing and lead to improved results. For example, 'C.' very well could mean
celsius or be a middle initial, or it could be being used in a larger list 
of items (i.e., 'C. [third item in list]'). 

Other complications could come when looking at abbreviations like "Ft."
and "Dr." A lot of the times, these are being used as titles and thus
would not constitute an EOS (e.g., "Doctor .... decided that"). However,
they could also mean feet, or drive, and thus very well be an EOS in
certain cases ("We climbed up 50 ft.") 

While experimenting with different, more complex features, I discovered that
a lot of the time, my performance tended to go down ever so slightly, making
it not worth inclusion into the model. For example, on my development data, 
I noticed when using the --error tag, my model decided incorrectly on EOS
instances where the first word to the right was ``. I added a feature to
check for this, leading to the average result 4482 / 4500  0.996, which was
the same before adding the feature. Checking the error file, the model now 
was correct on all but one instance of the ``, but progress was offset by 
new errors. Submitting it to gradescope, my performance went from 
0.9979228162238986 to 0.997266863452498, dropping my leaderboard position from 
16 to 21. It was a very slight change to the model, and yet this relative 
performance drop indicates how sometimes a simplier and more compact model 
is preferred. This lead to me only needing to include 23 features to attain
strong results, which was suprising, as I assumed naturally many more would
be required.

Another example of when I ran into a similar situation was when attempting 
to add the feature: 1 if left_reliable == 1 else 0. This was inspired from 
the fact that 3:1 of the times when the left_reliable is 1, it was an EOS. 
While on the development data this helped me to attain a best result of 
4487 / 4500 0.9971111111111111, on the Gradescope evaluation my performance
went down, making it not worth an inclusion in my final model.
